So now that we have created a raw transaction,
we have a hex string back,
we need to sign it using a valid.
For this, of course we'll use the command which is called signrawtransactionwithwallet,
followed by the hex string that we just got back.
So we need to sign it because we haven't signed it yet.
So we got this string back.
So let's copy this string back again.
Then you're going to type in a command.
I know the screen is a little small.
There's no way to zoom in in this pod right here,
but I'm going to have all the commands listed for you in the bottom of the screen,
and the commander to use is called
signrawtransactionwithwallet followed by the hex string.
Okay. Hit Enter. Once you do that,
what you do is you again get this whole string back and other hex string.
So again like I said, once you've signed the transaction,
we can again make sure now with the signature part if you decode it,
should not be empty anymore.
So the way I'm going to make sure that this happens is you're
actually going to go and copy this hex string.
Once you go copythishex string,
now let's go decode again.
Once you decode again, I'll show you that that signature part is not empty anymore.
So let's go back in our Vin.
If you see, we got a script to the signed now fantastic.
If you see scriptSig part,
has the signature right here.
So this means we are all set.
We've created raw transaction, we've signed it,
now we're all ready to send this raw transaction
to the network which I will show you in the next step.